VPC-Section-Formatting (#141)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: docs/data-sources/vpc_dhcp_options.md

Reviewer: и выше поправить
```suggestion
Provides information about a DHCP options configuration.
```

## Example Usage

> ### Performing A Lookup by DHCP options ID

Reviewer: тут какой-то разнобой, часть слов с заглавной, часть нет
и в принципе по доке пишем по разному. 
надо тогда проголосовать, как пишем заголовки
(для атрибутов, например приняли как в предложении -- Supported/Unsupported attributes

1) как в предложении 
2) значащие слова с заглавной
3) все слова с заглавной

```suggestion
### Performing a lookup by DHCP options ID
```

Author: Можно взять за основу рекомендации по капитализации от [Гугл](https://developers.google.com/style/capitalization#:~:text=see%20Product%20names.-,Capitalization%20in%20titles%20and%20headings,Capitalization%20in%20titles%20and%20headings) и [Майкрософт](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/capitalization)

Суть
1. Со строчной всякие служебные вещи (артикли, предлоги и так далее)
2. Существительные, глаголы (is/are в том числе) с заглавной

@PixarV @DiGa66

Reviewer: я за этот вариант

Author: Сделаем так, чтобы переделывать не супермного:
1. Капитализация, как выше - в заголовках 1 и 2 уровня
2. В заголовках уровнями ниже (3 и далее) - sentence style, то есть с заглавной только первое слово.

Ознакомиться можно будет в коммите)

Author: Обсудили и приняли: заголовки 2 уровня и ниже делаем sentence style

}
```

> ### Performing A Lookup by Filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Performing a lookup by filter
```

}
```

## Argument reference

* `dhcp_options_id` - (Optional, String) The ID of the DHCP options set.
* `filter` - (Optional, [Block](#filter)) One or more name/value pairs to use as filters.
    * _Valid values:_ See supported names and values in [EC2 API documentation][describe-dhcp-options]

### filter

* `name` - (Required, String) The name of the filter.
    * _Constraints:_ Filter names are case-sensitive
* `values` - (Required, List of strings) One or more filter values.
    * _Constraints:_ Filter values are case-sensitive

## Attribute reference

### Supported attributes

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the DHCP options set.

> * `dhcp_options_id` - (String) The ID of DHCP options set.

Reviewer 2: Уже упомянут в аргументах

* `domain_name` - (String) The suffix domain name to be used when resolving non-fully qualified domain names (for example, the `search` value in the `/etc/resolv.conf` file).
* `domain_name_servers` - (List of strings) The list of name servers set.
* `id` - (String) The ID of the DHCP options set.
* `netbios_name_servers` - (List of strings) The List of NetBIOS name servers.
* `netbios_node_type` - (String) The NetBIOS node type (1, 2, 4, or 8). For more information about these node types, see [RFC 2132][rfc-2132].
* `ntp_servers` - (List of strings) The list of NTP servers.

> * `tags` - (Map of strings) Key-value pairs. Must exactly match pairs on the required resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tags` - (Map of strings) Key-value pairs assigned to the resource.
```

## Argument Reference

> * `dhcp_options_id` - (Optional) (String) The DHCP options ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dhcp_options_id` - (Optional) (String) The ID of the DHCP options.
```

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the DHCP options set.

> * `dhcp_options_id` - (String) The ID of the set of DHCP options.

Reviewer: можно по аналогии с тем, как написано выше
```suggestion
* `dhcp_options_id` - (String) The ID of the DHCP options set.
```

> * `domain_name` - (String) The suffix domain name to used when resolving non-fully qualified domain names (for example, the `search` value in the `/etc/resolv.conf` file).

Reviewer: to used (?)

```suggestion
* `domain_name` - (String) The suffix domain name to be used when resolving non-fully qualified domain names (for example, the `search` value in the `/etc/resolv.conf` file).
```

> * `domain_name_servers` - (List of strings) The List of name servers set.

Reviewer: и в других местах
```suggestion
* `domain_name_servers` - (List of strings) The list of name servers set.
```

* `id` - (String) The ID of the DHCP options set.
* `netbios_name_servers` - (List of strings) The List of NetBIOS name servers.
* `netbios_node_type` - (String) The NetBIOS node type (1, 2, 4, or 8). For more information about these node types, see [RFC 2132][rfc-2132].

> * `ntp_servers` - (List of strings) The list of NTP servers set.

Reviewer: а здесь зачем добавлять set? в случае NetBIOS name serviers выше не добавлял
